# Sprint 13
| Assigned to | Item | Story Points | Notes| Retro|
| --- | --- | :---: | --- | --- |
| Justin | Facility Locator integration within form |5||
| Justin | Add labels to dropdowns |3|
| Justin | Code custom intro page |5|(1/16) In Progress|
| Justin | Code custom outro page |5| (1/17) Will start|
| Jonathan | Moderate Usability Sessions ! |5| (1/16) Starting tomorrow |
| Patrick and Jonathan | Make changes based off of Content and IA review |5| (1/16) Notes sent to Design, (1/16) Content Revisions (Back to official language) |
| Patrick and Jonathan | Take notes on and attend usability studies, create transcript based off of usability studies|5 per session| (1/16) In progress |
| Team | Debrief sessions post Usability Sessions  |0| (1/16) In Progress |
| PMs | Schedule Privacy and Security review (with Andrew Gunsch) |1| (1/16 - Waiting to identify more folks) |
| Kevin | Finish form submission endpoint (and associated tests) in the API |5| (1/16 - In progress, data validation and form saving |
| Kevin | Roadmap and Sprint Planning for CARMA Integration |3|

---
### Open questions (1/16):
---
- Should we use the official language?
- Identifying ISO and security concerns
- ToT: Legalese content, security concerns, program buy-in
