# User Feedback on VSP Collaboration Cycle

## Surveys

On rollout meeting (moderated testing): https://www.optimalworkshop.com/a/adhoc/questions/results/dec8cdfb-6411-419e-963a-ca2738c548c3#/t/overview

On collaboration points: https://www.optimalworkshop.com/a/adhoc/questions/surveys/3b9cdd1d-2976-4334-b3c5-1eade65622fa/edit#/t/questionnaire

## Qualitative Feedback 

### Moderated Testing 

_Rollout meetings with VSA teams_ 

"I still feel confused on how this fits in with the VSA workflows. How does this work with how often we're meeting with Tze and Jennifer? All the processes you presented are great and well-organized and make a lot of sense, I just wish I personally had a better picture of the workflow and overall timeline with team-specific elements mixed in." 

"It seems like so many hands"

(Product Manager) "Can some of these things fall more on developers? And/or, can I put all the needed documentaiton in one place so I'm not copying it into every ticket? What is a 'how to proceed as a VFS PM' timeline?"

"I got immediate feedback from my team that they are very stoked about the new and more organized process" 

"I feel like (partially because we were working closely with Shawna) we did some of the check-ins (even though it was a bit disjointed). I am into it. I work better when there are processes in place!"

"Nothing in particular just felt very dense, not that it shouldn't be, just felt like more time should have been allotted for the meeting."

"It seems like there should be more in between Discover and Build - like checkins on progress, etc"

"Excited to try it!"

"Thank you for all the work and taking the time to walk us through it!"

"Seems like it was well thought out and should run smoothly."

"Thank you very much for reviewing all of these areas and requirements with our team, although we have a unique product, it was extremely helpful to determine how, when, and with whom we need to collaborate. This is also helpful if we ever do, cross the bridge of develop, design, and build an application in our work space. Great WORK!"

# Additional Notes from VSP Reviewers & Moderators 

### Megan notes from rollout mtgs 

- Numerous teams have had questions about the contact center review â€” timing, and also guidance on how to create those artifacts. Talked with vsp analytics 3/6/20
- QA artifacts as part of Usability Testing Prep are _really_ tripping people up, they do not seem thrilled (curious to see if we get the same feedback in the post-review surveys?) 3/6/20
- Related, the 2 Usability Testing Prep templates we've had so far have both been created by the team designer, which is not our guidance -- that could be why the QA artifacts are confusing, bc the designer doesn't know why they need to think about QA? 3/6/20
- Need to add a step into templates that has Megan/Andrea assign ticket back to requesting team once meeting has been scheduled 3/6/20
- Need to change templates to have requesting team put email addresses of attendees
- Need to change templates to include our times that are blocked off for reviews in the "Scheduling" section
