### Team
- Usability testing starts this week
- Continue to have regular check-ins with the program team and the CARMA team
### Jonathan
- Getting protoype ready for usability testing
- Did a great job on the VSA Team Demo!
- Met with Shawna to make adjustments
- Working with Patrick to make content changes
- *Blocker* - Can we make sure Justin has InVision access?
### Patrick
- Content revisions being marked in InVision
- Making a list to send to Jonathan
### Justin
- Working on InVision access
- Making updates based on Protoype revisions
- First draft of form schema
### Kevin
- Recieve form schema to be able to hit endpoints and write end-to-end tests
- Working on tests while we wait for CARMA back-end
- Writing tickets to outline steps for CARMA integration
### Alayna
- Set up intro meeting with Tse
- Set up check-in with Accessibility
- Product plans and roadmap
### CC
- Working with partner teams
- Documenting user flow
- Thank you for handling all of the contract things!

### Sprint 12 Accomplishments
- Signature solution confirmed with OGC
- Got form schema set up
- Successfully pushed to staging
- Matched coded user flow to prototype
- Research plan writter and approved
- Usability study sessions scheduled
- Content and IA Review 
- Content and IA Intro session
- VSP Review of Prototype
- KPI Workshop
- Presented at Team of Teams and VSA Sprint Review
- Learning session with Discovery Team

### Sprint 13
- Facility Locator integration within form
- Make changes based off of Content and IA review [Patrick and Jonathan](5)
- Takes notes on and attend usability studies (13)
- Make revisions based off of usability studies (5) 
- Privacy and Security review (Andrew Gunsch)

### Retro Notes
- Refine our long list of KPIs into 1 or 2
